you know it's gross are you taking a
video yes I am directly okay yep and
this is the line we're gonna get on
indoor air that's inappropriate UI you
can cut it mummy-ji cheeky lucky
there's more people everyone excited so
pretty I'll probably not
there's sherry in the back over there
Oh
we're done with melancholy playing
I'm sorry okay
where where's the - I don't see the
numbers on there up here okay
how excited are you
I'm way more exciting that there was
about five you know
so it's really true
yeah
everyone has their cameras out
Wow
we're almost there
John
okay
Japan
yep I am doing that currently
we're in jail in the airport I'm I'm in
the airport in Japan I'm so excited it's
great okay
yeah
it smells like dirt China
like tar a little bit I could say but we
are outside the airport parking lot
thing